---
title: It's May
layout: post
---

So it's May. I need to get through this month without hitting any booze. Straight off the bat I am meeting with ex-colleagues tomorrow night. No doubt they will want to have a few beers to catch up with me. So I'll just need to use the excuse "no sorry, I am driving". 

I am starting to hurt. It might be the paranoia of what I've done to my body. Or it may be actual damage. The mid right side of my abdomen is hurting sometimes. Not a sharp pain, but a dull pain. It subsides when I abstain from alcohol. Not a good sign. A sign that I am smashing the thing that has a vital role in keeping me alive.

I've been listening more to the naked mind podcast. That podcast is a gem. The book is even better. I still feel like it had a positive impact on me. In that I did not feel like I wanted to have a drink. But for whatever reason on the weekend that doorway opened and I was all consumed by where my next drink was going to come from. So. Sad.

Let's see what this month will bring. I will keep at this journal. It's my own secret. In that I don't let anyone see me write this or know what's going on. Part of me feels like I will let people down by knowing this hopefully non-fatal flaw of mine. But maybe it would be easier if I shared it. I mean that's what books recommend to do. To open up. I think it's part of the 12 steps.

I should go back and read the "Inner Fix". That had some practical advice from people that actually went to AA. I don't want to go to AA. The religion, and the realisation is too true. I'm living in partial ignorance now. But somehow I'm managing. Here's to May *sips Kombucha*